alright guys around 85 bloons tower
defense an iphone this is my super
monkeys and i'll put the round on for
you now now i can't actually place more
suitable keys anywhere on the map
because the symbols just take up room
for some reason don't know why but yeah
no more super monkeys can be put
anywhere and each is fully upgraded with
the bottom vision and the epic range a
few of them oh good the route 86 and
haven't lost
sorry about like I just talk phone there
let's get around again go here the
rounds go on for a lot longer when you
get to this kind of round you can see
the monkey weakens they're all fully
upgraded storm beacon there you go monk
east on Beacon jungle drums hard to get
them first of all this is monkey there's
another storm beacon jungle rooms here
cuz of all the super monkeys the game
does kind of log out of it all the
plasma vision makes it really slow as
you can see here all the MLB is coming
to stop in here and not getting anywhere
near the end this is the first trap or I
think it's the first track on the brace
Racing is it really a racing package
track card towel because of all the
super monkeys book there you go this is
still around 86 here
there you go 186 money so i get for all
up well actually time guys and that has
well that's my super monkeys on the
musket really alright see you guys